The Internet and the web make it
possible for us to stay
connected with friends and
family across the world.
We can use social media and
other platforms to see what's
happening in our friends lives,
share personal news, and stay in
touch with others.
But sharing things online isn't
always safe.
Things you intend to only be
shared with friends could be
found and viewed by strangers in
any number of ways.
For example, imagine you've
bought a new car and you want
your friends to see it, so you
OST a picture on social media.
That might seem fine, but that
picture includes a lot of
ersonal information about you.
It tells anyone who sees it what
make and model of car you have.
Some people use their car's make
and model as passwords.
If you're one of those people,
you've just otentially shared
your password, or maybe part of
your password.
If the iPhoto includes your
license plate, anyone can see
the license plate number and
learn what state you live in.
These might seem like minor
things, but the more you share
or inadvertently share, easier
it is for someone to learn
information about you and build
a profile about you, your likes
and dislikes, where you work,
how much you earn an so on.
Now, this doesn't mean you
should never post or share
anything to social media, but
it's important to keep safety
and privacy as a top concern.
When you share things online, be
sure to review the privacy
settings of your social media
accounts.
If your account is set to
public, anyone can see your
information and what you share.
Instead, you should use the
private settings on accounts so
that only your ersonal
connections can see what you
share.
You should also be selective
about accepting invitations to
connect with people on social
media.
Most social media latforms have
a way for you to accept and deny
requests to have someone be your
friend or follower on the site.
Think about whether you know the
person in real life and if
you're comfortable with them
seeing everything you post on
that site.
Usually once you accept someone,
they have direct access to your
profile an the things you share
O make sure you only interact
with people you know and trust.
Bear in mind that even when you
can control who has access to
your profiles and accounts, you
can't control what other people
do with your information.
Even your friends could download
your photos or copy what you've
written to share with others.
As a general rule, never share
something online that you
wouldn't want strangers and the
public to see, and always
remember to think before you
share.
Do you really need to post what
you're thinking of posting?
Are you posting emotionally and
will you regret posting it later
Kee your safety in mind and make
smart choices when sharing
things online?